what's up guys it's from 726 here with
some fallout 3 yeah I just walked in
this blue ribbon grocers place and
lookie what I found some dominoes
actually it's just a bunch of brac so
and random boxes of stuff that you can
eat that's radiated anyways so you hit
them with this face thing won't horn
head or whatever it is trap falls on a
stool those some baseballs and makes an
explosion and some dead people her dead
guy falls out with some missiles and the
mini nuke I don't know what he's doing
with that upstairs but I got he's very
crazy I don't know hit a baseball he's
going to defense himself I don't I don't
understand but uh yeah i just found this
on playing this game on my third time
and I'm just seeing him going through
the map doing everything I can trying to
find some cool stuff that I haven't
discovered yet yeah if our pleasure scam
one I played call of duty it's you know
it's when it's excuse me in 12 games you
can keep on playing and playing and
playing so I am um I don't know if it's
easter egg or what it is but I'm sure
somebody will let me know if a comment
and get involved come on do it you know
you want to uh yeah anyways if you don't
have this gay anymore go buy it it's
awesome and it's not frustrating like
Call of Duty can be or is most of the
time I don't know why open an empty cash
register I guess I'm that poor yes I'm
just starting off pretty much I'm level
five as you will see I can I even armed
this bear trap for some reason I want to
pick that up I don't know what it is
going to pick it up I'll be I came on
the trap so the Alma noob I guess
but be sure and let me know you thought
right video comment and subscribe for
more